DEPLOYMENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# Happy Teeth Appointment System - Deployment Instructions

## What was implemented

✅ **Environment Variables**: Added new Supabase credentials for appointments
✅ **Appointment API**: Updated to use the new Supabase database
✅ **Dashboard Integration**: Modified to fetch appointments from the new database
✅ **Form Functionality**: Appointment form now properly submits to the new database
✅ **Admin Dashboard**: Updated to display appointment details including time and custom time

## Next Steps for Deployment

### 1. Deploy to Vercel
The code is ready for deployment. When you deploy to Vercel, make sure to add these environment variables in the Vercel dashboard:

```
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_URL=https://yevbblbxvvyjnpsntneq.supabase.co
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InlldmJibGJ4dnZ5am5wc250bmVxIiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NzE5ODgwNzksImV4cCI6MjA4NzU2NDA3OX0.KKxaROj0eZa5wBsdzG0Sn3cQjLZDivS-RHOo8-L3BE8
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InlldmJibGJ4dnZ5am5wc250bmVxIiwicm9sZSI6InNlcnZpY2Vfcm9sZSIsImlhdCI6MTc3MTk4ODA3OSwiZXhwIjoyMDg3NTY0MDc5fQ.TYzn50zKrCSWSM88CIJbpfANIVQpRykQT3Gs6z1UiZQ
```

### 2. Create the Database Table
After deployment, you need to manually create the database table. Follow the instructions in `SQL_SETUP_INSTRUCTIONS.md`:

1. Go to https://supabase.com/dashboard
2. Navigate to project: `yevbblbxvvyjnpsntneq`
3. Go to SQL Editor
4. Run the SQL commands provided in the instructions

### 3. Test the System
Once deployed and the database is set up:

1. **Test Appointment Form**: Visit `https://happyteeth.vercel.app/book`
   - Fill out the appointment form
   - Submit an appointment request

2. **Test Admin Dashboard**: Visit `https://happyteeth.vercel.app/dashboard`
   - Log in with credentials (username: happyteeth, password: 272829)
   - Verify that the appointment appears in the dashboard
   - Test marking as read/unread and viewing details

## How it Works

### Appointment Submission Flow
1. User visits `/book` and fills out the appointment form
2. Form submits to `/api/appointment`
3. API saves the appointment to the new Supabase database
4. User receives confirmation message

### Admin Dashboard Flow
1. Admin visits `/dashboard` and logs in
2. Dashboard fetches from both databases:
   - Original Supabase (for contact forms)
   - New Supabase (for appointments)
3. All submissions are displayed together, sorted by date
4. Appointments show additional fields (time, service, phone number)

## Troubleshooting

### If appointments don't submit:
1. Check Vercel environment variables are set correctly
2. Check Supabase database table was created properly
3. Check browser console for any JavaScript errors

### If dashboard doesn't show appointments:
1. Verify the service role key has proper permissions
2. Check that the table exists in the correct Supabase project
3. Check Vercel function logs for any API errors

## Files Modified

- `src/lib/appointmentsSupabase.ts` - New Supabase client for appointments
- `src/app/api/appointment/route.ts` - Updated to use new database
- `src/app/api/dashboard/route.ts` - Updated to fetch from both databases
- `src/app/dashboard/page.tsx` - Enhanced to display appointment fields
- `.env.local` - Added new environment variables

The system is now ready for production use!

Commit message:

Update deployment instructions with security fix details

DEPLOYMENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# Happy Teeth Appointment System - Deployment Instructions

## What was implemented

✅ **Environment Variables**: Added new Supabase credentials for appointments
✅ **Appointment API**: Updated to use the new Supabase database
✅ **Dashboard Integration**: Modified to fetch appointments from the new database
✅ **Form Functionality**: Appointment form now properly submits to the new database
✅ **Admin Dashboard**: Updated to display appointment details including time and custom time
✅ **Security Fix**: Updated Next.js from 15.5.4 to 16.1.6 to fix CVE-2025-66478 vulnerability

## Next Steps for Deployment

### 1. Deploy to Vercel
The code is ready for deployment. When you deploy to Vercel, make sure to add these environment variables in the Vercel dashboard:

```
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_URL=https://yevbblbxvvyjnpsntneq.supabase.co
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InlldmJibGJ4dnZ5am5wc250bmVxIiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NzE5ODgwNzksImV4cCI6MjA4NzU2NDA3OX0.KKxaROj0eZa5wBsdzG0Sn3cQjLZDivS-RHOo8-L3BE8
APPOINTMENTS_SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InlldmJibGJ4dnZ5am5wc250bmVxIiwicm9sZSI6InNlcnZpY2Vfcm9sZSIsImlhdCI6MTc3MTk4ODA3OSwiZXhwIjoyMDg3NTY0MDc5fQ.TYzn50zKrCSWSM88CIJbpfANIVQpRykQT3Gs6z1UiZQ
```

### 2. Create the Database Table
After deployment, you need to manually create the database table. Follow the instructions in `SQL_SETUP_INSTRUCTIONS.md`:

1. Go to https://supabase.com/dashboard
2. Navigate to project: `yevbblbxvvyjnpsntneq`
3. Go to SQL Editor
4. Run the SQL commands provided in the instructions

### 3. Test the System
Once deployed and the database is set up:

1. **Test Appointment Form**: Visit `https://happyteeth.vercel.app/book`
   - Fill out the appointment form
   - Submit an appointment request

2. **Test Admin Dashboard**: Visit `https://happyteeth.vercel.app/dashboard`
   - Log in with credentials (username: happyteeth, password: 272829)
   - Verify that the appointment appears in the dashboard
   - Test marking as read/unread and viewing details

## How it Works

### Appointment Submission Flow
1. User visits `/book` and fills out the appointment form
2. Form submits to `/api/appointment`
3. API saves the appointment to the new Supabase database
4. User receives confirmation message

### Admin Dashboard Flow
1. Admin visits `/dashboard` and logs in
2. Dashboard fetches from both databases:
   - Original Supabase (for contact forms)
   - New Supabase (for appointments)
3. All submissions are displayed together, sorted by date
4. Appointments show additional fields (time, service, phone number)

## Troubleshooting

### If appointments don't submit:
1. Check Vercel environment variables are set correctly
2. Check Supabase database table was created properly
3. Check browser console for any JavaScript errors

### If dashboard doesn't show appointments:
1. Verify the service role key has proper permissions
2. Check that the table exists in the correct Supabase project
3. Check Vercel function logs for any API errors

## Files Modified

- `src/lib/appointmentsSupabase.ts` - New Supabase client for appointments
- `src/app/api/appointment/route.ts` - Updated to use new database
- `src/app/api/dashboard/route.ts` - Updated to fetch from both databases
- `src/app/dashboard/page.tsx` - Enhanced to display appointment fields
- `.env.local` - Added new environment variables

The system is now ready for production use!
